[Music]
hello
how are you doing welcome back to
another video i'm finally
back home like i've been gone coming up
to three months
my christmas decorations were still very
much
up when i got home the other day so i'm
back home
back in my kitchen and i'm gonna do some
new recipes
today i have been obsessing over
these things called like nourish bowls
for the past few months i didn't
like quite know the difference between
like a buddha bowl and a nurish bowl
until
relatively recently i think a buddha
bowl is more like your vegetarian one
but it's just basically like
a bowl of goodness that it feels really
like heartful
and i just always feel super full after
these so i wanted to share
three recipes with you use
some chicken some salmon and some
like beef mince i think it feels really
funny being back filming actually
because
i haven't done one of these and i feel
weird being in my kitchen i feel like
we've just gone back in time for a
second
before we do anything if you could hit
this video with a like and make sure you
subscribe
i would really appreciate it i've been
trying to switch
my like usual coffee that i have when
i'm filming or whatever with
ginger teas i really really like ginger
tea and honey at the moment it's a bit
of an obsession you probably already
wear if you follow me over on instagram
the first one is going to be a salmon
nourish bowl so i'm obviously using a
one whole fillet of
salmon some avocado some red and white
quinoa
some carrots some italian salad
you could also use kale or cabbage or
lettuce and some red cabbage as well
like as a topping and then just other
bits of veg
like cooked beetroot and i might also
add some
mixed almonds i'm just going to start by
preparing
my salmon i'm going to put it into some
little tin foil boats
should we say and just like add my bits
of seasoning
[Music]
so i'm using some hot chili sauce this
sriracha this is my all-time favorite
and then i'm just gonna weigh this out
and then i'm just gonna add this coconut
amino sauce which is kind of like a soy
sauce this is
really really good i got it from amazon
five grams of that
and then just wrap that up and pop that
in the oven
so i just popped the salmon in at 180
degrees and then i'm just going to bake
that for about 20 minutes
and then i'm just going to measure out
my quinoa super cooked
quinoa quinoa i just got this red and
white mixed one
i just prefer to measure this out whilst
it is
uncooked i just find that the easiest
like for so checking
my macros as soon as i'm just showing
you like one bowl i'm just going to make
like one portions worth so
50 grams so this is just for like one
person
[Music]
and it works out really good timing so
quinoa takes about 15 minutes i just
cook that through and then i'm gonna add
some like pomegranate seeds in there as
well
but i'm just gonna prepare like my
vegetables now
[Music]
and then i've just got some mango here
mango
is my favorite fruit ever it's not my
favorite
fruit to cook though
so my salmon has just come out of the
oven
oh yeah this smells so nice i'll start
putting
like the leafy greens just on the bottom
and then layer in from there
we've changed to a larger coconut bowl
and then i'm just going to pour
the quinoa
[Music]
then i'm just going to sprinkle some
pomegranate
on the top so here is the finished
salmon nourish bowl this might be
my favorite i just absolutely love
salmon and the majority of fish and i
really like quinoa at the moment
that's hiding in here and then obviously
you can just mix up your toppings i've
also put
a slice of lemon just if you like things
like a bit tangy as well
and pomegranate seeds
the next bowl i'm going to make is like
a chicken and a sweet potato bowl
so i've already preheated my oven and
i'm just going to chop up
the sweet potato first because obviously
that takes the longest
i've just chopped up some sweet potatoes
i've kind of like bought
cut these just so i've got like a few
days worth kind of thing
anyway i'm going to season them with
some italian herb seasoning and
also this fry light this is the coconut
oil spray
absolutely swear by these i use these
for everything from baking
to like more savory stuff as well
this is really good like this is just
like an all-round good seasoning
of course i'm gonna get some garlic you
can't go wrong with some garlic
seasoning as well
so the sweet potatoes are in there they
take about an hour
and just sliced up some chicken breast
and i'm just gonna bake this like
sometimes i'll just mix it up
by frying it but yeah i just thought i
may as well bake it whilst i'm waiting
for the sweet potato
two chicken breasts i've just added some
lazy garlic
this is so good and then i'm gonna add
some curry powder
pop that in at the oven as well here is
the chicken one i've also added some
red cabbage as a little garnish with it
but yeah this one
is delicious as well they're all
honestly so nice these three are my
all-time faves
[Music]
so the next bowl that i'm gonna make is
like a mexican styled
nourish bowl this is going to be with
some beef mints and then
just like all the veggies as normal and
i'm just going to start by chopping some
vegetables first
i'm just going to boil this
i'm going to chop this pepper and this
how big is this onion
[Music]
then i'm just going to spray some
coconut oil this
is the beef mint so i'm just using a
five percent fat
beef mince this is two portions worth
for sure so i'm just going to split that
up obviously
this is so satisfying i love doing this
i'm just cooking my beef mint
i'm gonna use a bit of cayenne pepper
and oregano
i honestly mix up my seasonings so much
like for everything i just kind of put a
bit of everything in there and
my main theme is normally curry powder
not really mince but like i love curry
powdered
chicken
[Music]
i'm gonna add some garlic as well
like quite a bit waiting for
the rest of sweet potatoes and chicken
to finish cooking
the best thing about these like bowls is
that you can just
mix them up with whatever you've got
either leftover in your fridge or
whatever you brought in
and just add and like switch up your
favorite things so like say if you're
someone who just
gets bored of meals really quick like
these are so good because you can just
change it up all the time
and don't forget as well like with your
seasonings on
your meat or say if you don't eat meat
or whatever like or if you're
pescetarian
vegan like play about with your actual
[Music]
seasonings
so an hour later these are finished
also got the chicken out the oven so i'm
just going to put it in a slightly
bigger bowl
the coconut ones just don't seem
so now for the final bowl i don't know
which one's gonna be my favorite to be
honest like this is really tough
for the mexican one and this is what i
just like grated up we've got some
cheese
avocado tomato beetroot and some carrots
[Music]
broccoli
oh
here is the beef nourish bowl
i've got a bit of everything a bit of
cheese and loads of veggies but yeah
this one is so good
that is the three nourishable recipes
that i have for you today this was
definitely a favorite i think the salmon
one
i really hope you enjoyed this video let
me know if you want to see any more like
this
loving these bowls at the moment if you
have any other suggestions or anything
just let me know in the comments down
below if you haven't already i'd love to
stick around by subscribing and i'll see
you in
the next video
[Music]
you